README.md, before:

## Intro
Hello, i'm a current IT student you can write me at
neithanvarvar@hotmail.com 
neithanvar (Discord)

## Tecnologies

Spring Boot, Angular, PostgreSQL, AWS(Mostly main platforms like S3, compute, etc), Git/GitHub, Linux(Fedora is my daily driver), Bash/Shell, Docker, Kubernates and nginx (WIP)

I have worked with these languages:
Java, Python, JavaScript/TypeScript , C, C++, Rust, assembly with the AT&T syntax and nasm (I don't know all the syscalls and details but yeah)

## Projects

LLM Chat-App, this is built with Spring Boot, Angular and Keycloak! Using a lightweight OS in ollama as a base demostration of the capabilities

My personal webpage, this is built with Angular and has the contact info and guides i have written ...

Qr-Generator/Scanner
In the Web, to understand how a qr is built
In NASM, a basic in an assembly course

## Need any help with your code? or questions about my projects

hit me up at n.vargas.5@estudiantec.cr or at neithanvar in Discord
it'll be glad to help

Commit message:

Added web links to readme
Updated personal introduction and contact information.

README.md, after:

## Hello!
I'm a current IT student you can write me at my personal email
neithanvarvar@hotmail.com

I would like to focus on ML, Data Cience or System Developer in a futre
## Tecnologies

Spring Boot, Angular, PostgreSQL, AWS(Mostly main platforms like S3, compute, etc), Git/GitHub, Linux(Fedora is my daily driver), Bash/Shell, Docker, Kubernates and nginx (WIP)

I have worked with these languages:
Java, Python, JavaScript/TypeScript , C, C++, Rust, assembly with the AT&T syntax and nasm (I don't know all the syscalls and details but yeah)

## Projects

LLM Chat-App, this is built with Spring Boot, Angular and Keycloak! Using a lightweight OS in ollama as a base demostration of the capabilities
[Repo](https://github.com/NeithanT/Chat_app)

My personal webpage, this is built with Angular and has the contact info and guides i have written ...
[Repo](https://github.com/NeithanT/My_Webpage)

Qr-Generator/Scanner
In the Web, to understand how a qr is built
In NASM, a basic in an assembly course
[Repo](https://github.com/NeithanT/llamen-a-Dios-Qr)

## Need any help with your code? or questions about my projects

hit me up at personal email:neithanvarvar@hotmail.com student email:n.vargas.5@estudiantec.cr or at neithanvar in Discord
it'll be glad to help
